Licensing: update W0019, 20, 21 (#8918)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/zz Errors and Warnings/W0019.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Appears when a valid DevExtreme runtime key is not found in the application configuration.

Reviewer: This message appears in case of **any** problem with a key: non set at all, set but invalid, set and valid but it is a trial key (!).
May be we should highlight these cases similar with the [general docs](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key#error-code-reference)

---
---
##### shortDescription
Appears when the DevExtreme runtime key in the application configuration is missing, invalid, or not recognized.

---
[note] This warning also appears for trial versions of DevExtreme, even when a trial key is properly registered.

To resolve this warning:

1. Obtain your DevExpress license key from the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/) and register it on your machine.
2. Run the `devextreme-license` CLI tool to generate a DevExtreme-compatible runtime key.
3. Specify the generated key in [GlobalConfig](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/GlobalConfig '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GlobalConfig/').

> For more information, refer to the following article: [Licensing](/concepts/Common/Licensing/00%20Licensing.md '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/').

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional information, refer to the following help topic: [Licensing](/concepts/Common/Licensing/00%20Licensing.md '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/').
```
